Okay. The battalion commander, at the time I got
there, I'd heard a report on the radio, you know,
that that platoon was in trouble, and by the time I
caught up with that brigade commander, the
battalion commander, they were convinced that
they'd been captured, both the battalion
commander and the brigade commander, and they
asked authority to pursue across the border to
recover them.
And I said, it's just not, no, you know, you can't do
that. But I told them also that I just couldn't
believe, I couldn't reason, that any platoon of
troopers in that division would surrender. To me,
it was out of the question. There must be something
else. Well, sure enough, they were, of course,
something of an emotional state and I had full
sympathy with them but here's one of those
examples where they thought that just yonder a
matter of hundreds of yards the enemy had their
troops in captivity had been captured and taken
away and we couldn't go get them that's how strict
that policy was but anyway we did discover
Not one. One man survived. One man who played dead
survived. And they just walked into the trap. Even
had their, the normal, you know, security at work,
but it just, they were just too close formation.
They got them. But
I've had many people ask me, why couldn't we win
that war? Yeah. Why couldn't we destroy that
enemy? Well, let's take what I've just described,
this division. There were a number of them who
really had everything back in the sanctuary
except the troops he sent out to assemble for a
fight. It's just like standing behind a wall and
sticking the point of your spear through at
somebody. You can cut his spear off, head off, but
he can draw back and put a new one on. You can't get to
him through that wall, and that's exactly the way
it was. Or another, anybody
that's raising gardens like I am,
and has a problem with rabbits and rats, how does he
get rid of them? He's surely not going to get rid of
them by killing them in his garden, you know. But
here we were with absolutely no authority to go
across that border, and we had 600 miles plus of
border that offered sanctuary to enemy troops,
installations, and that very, very vital line of
supply.
And any way you look at it, with an enemy who knew,
and they had a very smart, very, very brilliant
strategist in this, you know, Gap, you know, who
was running this war. And they never, and I came to
resolve this in my own mind, they never intended to
put more into South Vietnam than they could afford
to lose. And they would continue to put what they
could afford to lose indefinitely. And the
strategy all along was, of course, to wear us out.
Sure. On the other hand, it seems to be the only way.
And of course, having experienced this and
looking back on it, it's a lot clearer now than it
was at the time. At the end of the first year, I
didn't see how that enemy could continue to lose
those people at the rate we were seeing them lost.
and continue the war. By the end of the next six
months, that was pretty, you know, becoming
pretty clear. He was sending in what he could
afford to lose and that was it and he could go
indefinitely. So, we had to change or it was
inevitable. It seems to me that we'd have to quit.
Change in what ways?
Basically, I felt that in the 1966 and 1967, well,
what we had to do is change to an objective, a
purpose that would conclude the war in our favor.
And clearly we had to get out of the boundaries of
South Vietnam. We had to get out with ground troops
as well as air power and naval power. And that was
the basic change that would have had to occur. Now,
who can, however, to turn the coin over, who can
criticize President Johnson, who had the final
responsibility for this thing, from concluding
that he could not, he must avoid at all costs, he
must avoid getting the Chinese in that war.
President Johnson, I feel sure, must have had in
the back of his mind that he
had to limit that war to whatever extent was
required to prevent the Chinese, to obviate the
Chinese coming in. Again, in retrospect, and I
must say that there was some thought given to it at
the time in the circles that I brainstormed with.
You'll recall that in 1966
and 1967, the Chinese were in the greatest
disarray since they took over China in 1949. The
Cultural Revolution. The Cultural Revolution. I
really think we could have gotten by with a great
deal without bringing them into that war. But the
thing is, either enter the thing with the plan and
the strategy and the determination to win it or
don't get in it. And I don't think we'll do that
again. I don't think we'll go in again without a
strategy to win. The strategy used is credited to
Secretary of Defense McNamara. It was called the
strategy of graduated response. And I don't think
we're going to have to wait two generations for
historians to record it clearly as a stupid,
unreasoned, inappropriate strategy for war. And
we were at war.
Why do you say that? Why do you say it was stupid?
Well, the strategy was if the enemy hits you, you
hit him back just a little harder. So, if he hits
back a little harder, you hit him just a little
harder more. Well, that's quite a departure from
Sherman's old busties with the mosties, but what
it does is violate the very clearly established
principle of war of mass.
if you're going to engage the enemy, engage him
with sufficient mass to overpower him at the
earliest possible time. In fact,
those two principles of war, the objective and
mass, were the two most violated in Vietnam that
assured lack of success,
in my opinion. In other words, you would blame the
loss of Vietnam on the civilians? No. No, I didn't
say that. Well, you were talking about McNamara
and Johnson. No, I was talking about the fact I was
referring to President Johnson's final
responsibility,
which presumably he had concluded that he wanted
to be sure and avoid the Chinese. Yeah. And
so, therefore, we went in on what's called, of
course, a limited war, but without any real plan
for winning it. And the strategy really is
attributed to that strategy of graduated
response, limited war. It was attributed to
McNamara. No, I think if you... rather than say
blame the civilians, I think that just as much
blame, if not more, should go on our Joint Chiefs of
Staff and senior commanders who didn't, should
have had, of course, the sounder knowledge of what
was required there and didn't sell it, didn't sell
a better solution.
I think there's enough blame to go around, and I'm
not discussing this to fix the blame, but I was
trying to. And again, in hindsight, all of this
comes much more clearly, and the only benefit that
we're going to gain from studying this war and
finding where the failures were is to learn from
it. Sure. Well, what's your opinion of Robert
McNamara? I think Mr. McNamara, of course, I never
knew him personally, and I was always looking at
him at considerable range, but obviously he was a
brilliant man. He had a great mentality, in other
words. He was a great organizer. Unfortunately,
in such detail that he had the Department of
Defense doing what two echelons below should have
been doing.
Great energy. And he certainly had the strength of
his convictions. And he certainly could put them
across to his president. But I think that we, I
hope, have learned that...
He over-organized the Office of the Secretary of
Defense. He exercised more decision on pure
military matters than any civilian should
undertake.
And in doing so, of course, he dominated. He
was very dominant in his goal.
And in my opinion, He certainly should be given
credit for his intelligence and his dedication
and his effort, but he certainly also is to be
criticized for, I think,
hindering as much as he helped,
if not more. Hindering in what way? Making all
those decisions? When the field commander should
have done that? We talked about 20 years to the
field.
the Lance Missile, twenty years to field the
computer system, fire direction system for the
Army, the strategy of graduated response, the
overall organization of the Defense Department
requiring the processing and staffing and
decision making there that should be made echelon
below, and that's what I'm talking about. Okay.
When you were After you returned from Vietnam, did
you ever get, I don't know if you remember, did you
ever get a survey from another Brigadier General
or a man who was a Brigadier General later in the war
named Douglas Kennard? I did. I got a letter from
him asking me to contribute by commenting on
Commander General Westmoreland and various
things, and I never participated. Why not? Oh, I
didn't think that, I didn't know really what his
purpose was in the first place. And I felt if I were
going to contribute to something like that, I
ought to do it myself. And I didn't think I had a lot
to contribute. I mean, after all, I was never in a
position of tremendous responsibility. I was not
tested in the highest jobs.
To me, I put it in the same category of criticizing
your commander when you don't actually do. You
don't think you ought to do that. That's what he was
looking for, was criticism. If you got a balanced
view from me about General Westmoreland, and I've
said some things about General Westmoreland
here, I'd have to put it in perspective. And he
would, I presume, expect that perspective to show
weaknesses as well as strengths. Well, as I said
earlier, I don't think General Westmoreland
weaknesses showed through if you discount the
fact that he didn't challenge his mission. Well, I
was just wondering because Kenner did write a book
entitled The War Managers. I haven't read that.
Which is two-thirds of the generals, there were
about 160 generals in Vietnam during the time and
two-thirds of them did respond to that survey and
then he put it together in a book and I was just
wondering. Have you read the book? Yeah. Was it
good? I thought it was very interesting. I'd like
to read it, but the reason I didn't participate was
I just, if I'd known him well, if General Kennard,
my former commander, had asked for that
information, knowing him, I would have given it to
him. I would have given him my opinion. Now you were
in, when you were in Vietnam, you were made general
officer, brigadier general. in August of 1966.
What were your feelings when you found out about
that? Well, I was very surprised, really, and
gratified, of course.
And I was delighted. You see, when I was nominated,
I was asked to come up with General Kennard to be
Assistant Division Commander immediately as
Colonel. So I was a Colonel, Assistant Division
Commander, until they promoted those above me and
got down to publishing my orders, those who'd been
nominated. You know, they're promoted over a
period of a year.
And I never had a finer job than working with
General Kennard on top of that division.
you take those things right I must say it a little
bit a little bit more uh stirring than being
promoted to colonel or the lieutenant colonel but
they all all promotions are that way the next one
looks better well then the next one came just about
a year and a half which is incredible to in a year and
a half to go from one star to two star general how can
you account for that well I'm not sure that I could
uh I think again, being
in the place I was in at the time I was there, I was in a
very fortunate position as assistant division
commander of that division, and I believe I was
promoted strictly on that performance.
Because the next major general selection board
that met, I was selected. And of course I waited
another period of time before I got in line to
actually receive my orders. But I must judge that
that was it. Would you like to say anything else
about your experiences in Vietnam before we
leave? I've
covered the questions I want to cover. Let's take a
break now, and we'll resume later. Okay. I think
when we talk of personalities in command in
Vietnam, we did have a We've talked about General
Westmoreland. We've talked about our division.
But in between General Westmoreland and our
division was, in effect, a corps headquarters
called Third Field Force, commanded by General
Swede Larson, who incidentally was, I believe, a
contemporary of General Westmoreland's. And he
was a lieutenant general, and he was commanding
our division and a couple of others in that 3rd
Corps area. And he was really a counterpart to the
Vietnamese 3rd Corps. And I might add that in the
matter of using and working with the South
Vietnamese, that was the level at which the South
Vietnamese divisions and the U.S. divisions were
coordinated, is at corps level, above our
division level, you see. And General
Westmoreland, General Larson, of course we saw
him often, and he was down in the train a long way off
in distance, but of course we had good
communication. Those helicopters again came in
very handy because he could get around to his
divisions very reasonably that way. But he was a
very strong personality, although a quiet man.
And I think one of the finest commanders ever. in
Vietnam. Naturally, he was our corps commander,
and I saw more of him than I did the other corps
commanders. Why do you say he was one of the finest?
Because of the effectiveness with which he
commanded. I think it was a misfortune that
he came home after his first year, came to the
United States. I'm going to get back to the press
for a minute here.
And he was interviewed by the press, I believe in
San Francisco. He was about to depart to go back to
Vietnam. For a second tour? To continue his tour.
He was just home on a brief stay. And I can't even
recall the details of the subject that was brought
up, but a controversial subject was brought up.
And in his typical fashion, he very quietly and
honestly addressed the matter, which was his view
was somewhat in conflict with that of the
Secretary of Defense. And he got in, I think,
serious trouble over that. And it's most
unfortunate because it wasn't that big a thing. Do
you remember what it was about? I don't recall. It
wasn't that important, you see. It was just the
fact that when he talked about it, he talked about
it as he viewed it. I always, I've mentioned this
simply because I felt he had such capabilities
that he was going to continue, probably be one of
the very top officers in the Army when he left
Vietnam. But I believe he retired as a, I'm sure he
retired as a lieutenant general. And that one
statement might have hindered his career? I think
it got him into difficulties with the Secretary of
Defense and the Secretary of Army. Now that's not a
matter of black and white because perhaps he
shouldn't have opened his mouth, but once he did,
you know, he told it like it was. And it hadn't come
out quite that way by an earlier statement out of
the Office of the Secretary of Defense.
I'm over, we were saying too much about this, but I
did want to mention that because I did expect, had
such great respect for him, and did expect to see
him with his fourth star. And did General Arson
stay on then? He went back and completed his tour as
a commander of third field force, or third, it was a
corps command, really. That was the designation
for it, so we didn't conflict with the core
designation of the Vietnamese.
So, shall we leave Vietnam for a while? Sure. All
right. What were your feelings when you received
orders to go back to the United States? I was ready.
And when was it? It was 1966. 1967.
Early 67. Yeah, March of 67, I believe.
Okay, March of 1967, and where did you go? Went to
the Army Materiel Command headquarters in
Washington. As deputy director of research and
laboratories. As deputy director of research and
laboratories and my first assignment to a
logistics position. In a sense, this was
logistics, but it was really research and
development. My function there and I was only
there a brief time until I was promoted to major
general and therefore
that was a brigadier slot and I needed to be moved
and General Kennard asked for me to come over to be
his deputy commander. You were only there for
eight months? That's right. From April 67 to
January 68? That's right. Then I moved over to be
deputy as a major general to be deputy commander
with General Kennard. But that was an interesting
eight months, I might add, and I can very briefly
outline what the functions were. One of my
functions was to be commander of the seven
independent laboratories of the Army Materiel
Command, and that in itself was fascinating.
These are scientific laboratories dealing with
basically applied research, but some basic
research. It's basic and applied research is what
it was. And each commanded by a colonel, each with a
deputy civilian, and each, of course, with a
different mission. The other part- What were the
missions? Well, for example,
they had a wide range of missions, from
research and development on clothing and
personal equipment up in Massachusetts, to cold
weather research in Alaska.
Then there was the—oh,
there was a laboratory at the Electronics
Command. There was a laboratory that was
established in parallel with the Ordnance
Center. There was a laboratory in
parallel to transportation and one for aviation
and so forth. And it had very highly educated and
qualified scientists assigned there. Both
civilian and military? Yes, the scientists were
primarily civilian, but military command and
some military officers. And then the rest of my
function was as deputy to the Army Materiel
Command Director of Research and Development.
And, of course, that's just what the term implies.
And that had to do with supervision of the research
and development effort throughout Army Materiel
Command and the various subordinate commands.
You see, in the Army, the Army Materiel Command has
been renamed, but its function was to take this
stated requirement that, like we were speaking of
when I was down at Fort Sill and the artillery
combat developments set up, And once that
requirement is stated and approved, in other
words, we, the artillerymen, need this kind of a
weapon to do this job with, once that's approved,
the Army Interior Low Command has the function of
producing it. And if there's more development
required than there usually is, they get it done.
And then their final... So I was operating in
connection with that. But their final
responsibility is to produce it, or have it
produced by contract. So that's what that
amounted to, and it was very interesting. And
there was one interesting incident occurred that
kind of sidelined me from this for a while, for
about three months. There was a very—General
Besson was commanding. General Frank Besson was
commanding Army Materiel Command, and he used a
system of what he called— He used project
managers. In other words, he would define an area
that had to go through this process of research,
development, manufacture, supplying, you know,
resupplying, and so forth, and he'd turn it over to
one officer to be responsible for it from the start
to the end. He was in charge of that whole project,
and he theoretically had the authority of the
commanding general with the other agencies to get
that job done. And these people reported directly
to him, and he had a fantastic capacity to
assimilate and remember details of these various
projects because he had a number of these project
managers reporting directly to him. He had a
project manager who
was in charge of producing on the very highest
priority.
material for what was referred to as the McNamara
Line in Vietnam, in which new types of sensors were
developed by sensing sound or sensing motion,
sensing light, to try to keep up with the movement
in critical areas of the enemy, particularly in
the border areas.
And then there were involved also some exotic
weapons, munitions, that could be automatically
set off by sound or stepping on them, you know,
light weight, and so forth. And this project
office had the job of getting that done, and that
was commanded by a colonel, headed by a colonel,
and he had a heart attack, disabling heart attack.
And this project was tied right in with the
Secretary of Defense's office with a very senior
general running it for the Secretary of Defense.
It had the very highest priority, and we met
Anyway, I was appointed to jump in and take over
this job until he could find another project
manager. And it was a fascinating experience
because it involved this whole gamut of things to
include procurement. I'd never been involved in
procurement in my life. And I recall making a trip
to a producer and actually contracting to buy a
certain number of sensors on a handshake. And
that, I guess, was unheard of. And we visualized
volumes of paperwork to get a procurement order
out and so forth and so on. But in this case, it was
done on a handshake and they went to work and the
paperwork came later. But that was because of the
priority of Texas Instruments in Dallas, Texas.
It was because of the priorities of this project.
Well, of course, I think I was with it three months
and I found it fascinating. They found you another
job. But I left them to go to this other job. And they
found another colonel to take it over. Tell me
about this so-called McNamara line. I've heard
some things about this. Was it ever in any way
successful?
Let me say this. The full array that would have made
it successful I think was never finally fully
completed. I think it was useful, but to call it a
success, I never saw that kind of evidence. You
know, call it completely successful. And
remember, we were really in the waning stages of
that war, too. This was in late 67. No, we were still
pretty active, yeah. I guess it's fair to say that
it was useful.
But the project was still carried on. for a great
length of time, and I think they're still building
on those requirements. And I think someday that it
will be very significant.
One of the requirements, which we had not
developed when I lost touch with it, is for a means
of processing signals that you get from
pre-positioned
sensors. And here is where you've got to tie in the
computer. So that requirement has to be finally
met. Then when you get the computer that can
handle, and all this is being, I'm sure, still
actively worked on. After you get the computer
then that can put the data together, the human mind
has still got to make judgments. So you've got to
have the people organized properly to assess
all this information and see that a timely action
is taken on it. Really, we're talking about
intelligence, of course. Sure. Intelligence
gathering. Intelligence gathering. And it's not
intelligence, of course, until it's processed.
Information gathering is what we're talking
about. But
I think great strides are going to be made in this.
the computer's going to have an important part in
it. There's no question about it. Even in Vietnam,
before this was even tried, in our division, we
could get more intelligence information than we
could handle and process on a timely basis right
there. And the reason we got more, I thought, was
one, there were several. First, we concentrated
on intelligence. And if you concentrate on it,
you'll get more. but also we did have electronic
intelligence, which helped a great deal.
Furthermore, we had all of these eyes in the sky all
the time with these 400-plus aircraft, and it's
tremendous the amount of detail that over a period
of a day would come in just from observation. Sure.
But anyway, you could see the need right there. for
better means of collating their stuff, you know,
matching items up to produce conclusive
intelligence or contributing intelligence that
leads you to a conclusion that prompts you to act,
and prompts you to act in time. Did you work with the
CIA and DIA at, I mean, did you have, for these few
months, did you have close cooperation with these
other agencies?
during this project work. Actually, that was
performed at OSD level, Secretary of Defense
Office level.
During the Vietnam War, this wasn't- I remember
that, and it wasn't a very large amount of time, but
I remember that there was some discussion about a
McNamara wall to separate North and South Vietnam
by some sort of atomic wall or nuclear or radiation
wall or something. Do you remember anything about
that? No, I really don't. I'm not knowledgeable on
that. Of course, it was never put into place, but I
just remember that in the press. Okay. Were there
any other significant research and development
projects going on? Are you free to talk about those
while you were? Well, of course. At that time, this
was the exotic one that I became acquainted with.
But, of course, there's a constant effort. Oh,
sure. As you can imagine. I outlined just a few of
the things that we were after in the field
artillery 20 years ago. Well, everybody else is
trying to accomplish the same basic goals. And it
was a fascinating command. Now, this command
also, of course, was the big supply agency for the
whole Army. procurement and supply. And it was the
maintenance, the highest echelons of
maintenance came under this command. So, it would
have been interesting to complete a two or three
year tour there, but I was shunted to the Combat
Development Command, which pleased me a great
deal because General Kinnar was there and it was,
I'd had a prior assignment in it and it was very
interesting to me. Okay, so you were there in the
Combat Developments Command, but from February
68 to November 68, not very long. What did you do
there for seven months? I was the deputy
commander, and I also functioned as chief of
staff. This was a staff organization, basically.
At that headquarters, we had the staff
organization. Then we had various subordinate
combat development command around the country.
We had, you might call it, it had its own name, but
you might call it a tactical group or a combat unit
grouping headquarters at Fort Leavenworth,
Kansas. at the Command General Staff College.
They supervised the combat development commands
of the combat arms, which were generally located
with their branch schools. Then we had a similar
group headquarters that oversaw the supply and
service agencies, combat development agencies.
involved at Combat Development Headquarters
with directing all of these people
in this area that I mentioned earlier. How should
we be organized in the Army? How should we fight?
How should we be equipped, and how should we fight?
And we determined the answer to those questions in
the form of requirements for the development
tables of organization,
new equipments, new weapons, new systems, and new
doctrine. And that was the mission of that
organization. Now, I wasn't there very long
because— Well, why weren't you—why were you only
there for seven months?
Because the chief staff, General Westmoreland,
said that he wanted me to be his chief—the chief
legislative liaison for the Army. And I'm
chuckling because I didn't want to leave. I was
very happy where I was. I'd just really gotten my
teeth into my work there. I
liked working for General Kennard, and so I didn't
want to go. He reclaimed it for me. I don't know that
he got in trouble, but I know he got fussed after
resisting. But anyway, I went up there. Chief of
Legislative Liaison after seven months in this
command, and I finished my Army career as Chief of
Legislative Liaison.
Well, this is your last job. Let's talk about this.
This is one of the most important jobs, at least
politically, that you ever had. Did you like it? I
liked it very much. I really did. I found it worthy
of anyone's application and effort. It's a unique
job in the Army that none other liked. The function
was to work with the Congress for the Army, and the
business we had with the Congress included
several things. First of all, of course, it was our
legislation, the most important of which was our
budget. Sure, absolutely. And, of course, that
budget includes money for all these things we're
talking about, not only operating and
maintaining what we've got, but developing these
new things and procuring them. And, of course,
legislation included special legislation or
non-routine legislation, such as, well, you'd be
interested, for example, what would be such
things as a GI Bill or pay legislation or...
authorizations for strength of the Army,
such things as the ratio of officers in various
grades to soldiers or to the strength of the Army,
all sorts of things. Anything that has to be
legislated. That's right. And so we were the
funnel out of the Army and back through to the Army
staff on this. And how many people did you have? I
had a few over 100 people. Gee whiz. Now, you'll
understand this, why we had that many when I
finished the functions. Another function was to
handle the correspondence between the Army and
the Congress. In other words, if Private John Doe
in Vietnam writes his congressman and says, I was
supposed to go home a month ago, and I don't have my
orders yet. I mean, he's just exasperated.
Anything from that on up to such things as the Ryden
Hoover letter about me lying. That comes to my
office. I forget the figures, but I think we
handled 1,500
letters a week to the Congress on everything you
can imagine. Congressmen inquiring for their own
edification for information, data,
or individuals in the Army writing their
congressman, which happens frequently, and
that's their right, and that's all right. Another
function of that office was to handle
congressional investigations that affected the
Army. In other words, be the contact in the Army for
congressional investigations.
It was my duty to handle several items of bad news
during my tour there, because this This was a very
abnormal period in Army history, in my opinion.
During my tour as Chief Legislative Liaison, this
disenchantment with Vietnam was growing in the
minds of the people. And, of course, Congress
truly is a reflection of the people. And I think
that's what it's intended to be.
For example, we had the My Lai thing. which was a
tremendous investigation. We had the... Which
you subsequently handed over to the Inspector
General. Well, yes, but we still... The Congress
started its own investigation, you know. Sure. So
you worked with them. So I worked with them and had
to coordinate with the Army and follow them both.
Then you might recall we had...
The matter of the senior non-commissioned
officer taking kickbacks from clubs and so forth.
Even the former sergeant major of the Army was
involved. And then we had the case... What
happened to him? He was court-martialed. Then we
had the case of the...
And this was in Vietnam, wasn't it? That he was
taking the kickbacks of Vietnam. And he was
running, I remember. It also had occurred in
Europe. And the same people were, the same
non-coms were involved at different times. And
then we had the case of the Major General, former
Provo Marshal General of the Army, being
investigated for accepting rare weapons as
contributions In other words, sort of not for the
Army, but... Personal. Personal, but because he
was who he was, and then selling them. Oh, selling
them, too? Trading in them and selling them. And
what happened to him? I don't recall, but he got his
just desserts. Then we had a case of a brigadier
general whom I knew who was accused of... frauds
and the PX system in Europe and in Vietnam
and he was found these are congressional
investigations now yeah right anytime the
Congress starts an investigation the army has to
parallel it to keep them you know to provide them
what the information they need from us and did you
direct and and quite and also the reverse sure did
you direct the investigations or did you leave
that to To the IG? No, no. The investigations were
always directed by the Inspector General or the
Chief Staff's Office. You see, I worked
directly... So you worked between them. Yes, I was
a coordinator with the Congress, in and out of the
Congress. Now, I remember my direct boss was the
Secretary of the Army. Who was at that time?
Secretary Stanley Reaser, a very fine one.
Secretary Reaser, yeah. who later became the
negotiator in SALT talks and he later became
Deputy Secretary of Defense.
But my function said I would be responsible to the
Secretary of the Army and responsive to the Chief
of Staff. So I really had two bosses.
Do you have some other examples of some of the
congressional investigations? Those were the
significant ones. Okay, fine. And they were all
painful ones for the Army, because they were all
bad news. Yeah. Which, of course, brings the next
question. From 68 to 70, America, especially the
youth in America, are turning against the war in
Vietnam, and there's an increasing...